-[man 1] What the--?
-[man 2] What?
-[overlapping murmurs]
-[heavy footfalls approaching]
[groaning]
You think he's dead?
I think you're only carrying
35.62% of his weight.
Pick it up.
Teamwork makes the dream
a slightly greater
statistical probability!
Someone really ought
to rewire those circuits for you.
These are professionals?
They want to kill each other
at the slightest provocation,
like little children.
[chuckles] Do little children
kill each other a lot in Russia?
Yes.
[overlapping indistinct chatter]
[panting]
[priest]
Hush, now. My lambs have gathered.
Yassan.
Honest people, as a man of the cloth,
it is my duty and burden to bring you
this most tragic news.
There was a woman
who recently stayed among you.
A singer.
You mean the singer from the bar?
Ichika?
She's been missing.
I used to go see her every night.
[scoffs] You sure did.
Saki's mom!
[priest] It is with a heavy heart
that I inform you,
she has passed on
from this mortal plane of sin.
And here lies the soul responsible.
The man you know as Yassan…
-[man in crowd] No!
-…the Black boatsman,
is a murderer.
-[gasps]
-[man in crowd] No way.
[soft gasps]
[man] I don't know. I don't think so.
This guy might be crazier than you.
[whirring, light beeping]
Calculating comparative sanity.
[sighs]
I-I told you we should have never trusted
the foreigner.
-Oh! But you trust this foreigner?
-[Ichiro] Liar!
-[gasping]
-[man] What?
Yassan isn't a murderer. He has honor.
[chuckling]
Would that we were all so innocent.
And he's gonna whup your pale ghost butt.
I have proof of the boatsman's guilt.
[gasps]
The singer's necklace.
She never takes it off.
Until this demonic creature
ripped it from her neck
as he strangled the life out of her.
[murmuring]
-[man 1] No way.
-[man 2] It can't be.
-[man 1] Really?
-[man 2] No.
[grunting]
Ichika's child is still out there
in the wilderness, scared and alone.
I humbly beg
your assistance in finding her.
So long as they know
we're not splitting the reward.
[priest] My ministry
will provide for her care.
As for the damned soul of the guilty,
I will see that he is brought
before God and cleansed.
Is it true? Did you--
Leave here.
Forget me.
[gasping]
[grunts, huffs]
[panting]
-[crying]
-[crowd murmuring]
["Black Gold"
by Flying Lotus playing]
♪ Brought in a world ♪
♪ World so brand new
Endless possibilities ♪
♪ A whole new identity ♪
♪ Can't you see? ♪
♪ Black gold of the sun ♪
♪ Open up your eyes ♪
♪ Open up your heart ♪
♪ And feel the sunshine ♪
♪ Black diamond ♪
♪ I just want to be ♪
♪ Where I'm supposed to be ♪
♪ And that's right here with you ♪
♪ Don't mistake my kindness for weakness ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm strong, you see ♪
♪ Stronger than you'll ever be ♪
♪ Loyal to me ♪
♪ Someone to call my friend ♪
♪ Whenever you need me ♪
♪ I'll be right here ♪
♪ Love and loyalty ♪
♪ Trust and honesty ♪
♪ I'll never let go ♪
[ominous music playing]
Wake him.
I said wake him, not kill him.
[Yasuke grunts]
[weakly] I-- I did it.
I killed her.
His brain's scrambled worse
than the walking scrap heap.
I don't know
what you expect us to get out of him.
I expected you
to be able to find one little girl.
Careful, Preacher.
You do not speak to slaves.
No, I speak to fools, incompetents,
and an affront to God and nature!
[robot] Target acquired.
I will find the girl.
The trees and birds here
speak of her passage.
She can't hide from me.
Go. Take this abomination with you.
Hey, wait, am I the walking scrap heap?
[groans softly]
Shh. Sh, sh, sh, sh, sh, sh.
There, there.
Where is the girl?
I told you.
I don't know.
[chains clink]
Perfidy is the blackest of sins, and yet,
I confess I am guilty of it myself.
What I told you was not the whole truth.
My forebears' prophecy
does not speak only of the child,
but of her power.
The power that grows inside her.
Too quickly
for her mortal husk to contain.
It consumes her.
She needs someone to guide her.
To help her fulfill her true purpose.
This world is full of evils.
Dark forces
that would seek to corrupt her.
Exploit her.
Destroy her.
[whimpers]
[groans]
[sighs]
[gasps softly]
[priest] I must find the girl first.
[Yasuke] Whatever you're gonna do to me…
[sighs]
…do it.
[priest laughing] I do nothing.
It is God who guides my hands.
They are but his unworthy instruments.
-[Yasuke grunting]
-Where is the girl?
-[blows landing]
-[grunting continues]
[priest laughs]
[Yasuke grunts]
Your god punches like an old woman.
-[sniffing]
-[dog barking]
Her scent is fresh. She's here.
If I could just get
my infrared mode to work…
[scanner whirring]
That's not right.
Damn it,
now everything's in black and white.
[gasps]
Her trail ends right…
[shimmering sound]
…here.
My fruit! My beautiful fruit!
[thrusters whooshing]
[Saki gasps]
Got you.
Don't touch me. You took my mom away.
You're monsters!
Oh, sweet child, you think that was us?
I got her.
[blaster whirring, fires]
[Saki grunts]
[all gasping]
[gasping]
[dynamic electronic music plays]
[shouting, gasps]
[blaster whirring, fires]
[grunts, panting]
Nowhere to go now.
Okay, one where to go.
Where is she?
In that wagon.
Or, uh, that one.
Or, no, that-- No.
-Do you smell anything?
-[Nikita] Fish. Only fish.
So, we lost her?
[grunts] You lost her.
[rapid beeping]
Ooh! My infrared's working.
[priest panting]
[chuckling]
Let's see if that chastened your tongue.
[Yasuke] I can see why
you don't have more followers… [grunts]
…if this is what your sermons are like.
[shouts]
[grunts]
[Natsumaru] Still taking it easy on me?
When will you accept
that I'm not some helpless girl?
[Yasuke grunts]
[both grunting]
[panting]
Better?
Yes.
[Yasuke] Nobunaga has given our orders.
We march to meet
the Iga Clan at first light.
I will ride with the main force,
crossing the mountain path
to attack Hattori Hanzo from the rear.
Yasuke.
[Yasuke] We should rest.
Much depends on tomorrow.
[crickets chirping]
[grunts]
Bet you half your cut
he doesn't make it to nightfall.
-[Yasuke grunting]
-Two to one odds.
Think I'd just throw my cash away?
Three to one.
Perhaps you will be moved
by a different incentive.
[Yasuke] I feel nothing.
You will.
[grunts]
[groaning]
The preacher's a mutant.
I mean, it explains a lot.
-[electricity crackling]
-[Yasuke yells]
[screaming]
Now do you feel the gift
God has seen fit to bestow upon me?
And this is nothing compared
to what the girl will be capable of.
She has the potential
to wield the greatest power
this world has known,
and I will see her realize it!
[screaming]
You will tell me where she is,
or you will be the first to burn!
[gasps]
[grunts]
[sighs]
[breathing heavily]
[grunting]
-[grunts]
-[blow lands]
Ow! That hurt. I thought
you were supposed to be sick and weak.
Ichiro!
What are you doing here?
[boy] Ha! We found you!
[Ichiro] It's okay! They're on our side.
We decided to team up to find you.
After the man in the white robe
said you were missing.
The man in the white robe?
Stay away from him. All of you.
He's a bad man.
What do you mean? Yassan is the bad man.
We know what happened, Saki.
What Yassan did to your mom.
-But--
-I'll avenge her for you. I swear!
It-It's not Yassan's fault.
He protected us. It was--
But if Yassan
didn't hurt your mom, who did?
-Saki?
-[breath trembling]
[gasps lightly, sharply]
[gasps]
Saki?
[gasps, panting]
-[panicked breaths]
-[boys gasping]
[groans]
[grunts]
[sighs]
Ichi!
[boys gasp]
What did you…?
No, I-I-- I didn't. I swear.
[Ichiro groans softly]
[gasping lightly]
[bird calling in distance]
[breathing heavily]
[sighs]
-[electricity crackling]
-[Yasuke groaning]
[yelling]
[Yasuke grunting]
[screaming]
-[woman] What are you--
-[Yasuke shouts]
[Yasuke moans]
[grunts]
You know this means the bet is off.
You dare interrupt God's work?
You're wasting time.
The old man knows nothing.
Let's be done with him
and complete our business.
[woman scoffs]
-He might already be done with.
-[man] Just as well.
Saves me cleaning my knife after.
[weakly] Forgive me… Natsumaru.
This is the whole of our force?
[Nobunaga laughs]
Hattori Hanzo,
slippery as an eel in otter shit.
He comes to surprise us in the pass.
Just as you said he would.
[rumbling]
[in Japanese] Attack!
[all shouting]
[clamor of battle]
[men grunting]
[grunting]
[rhythmic, mellow music playing]
[both grunt]
You knew that Hanzo would be here.
Because you told him where to be.
That pendant you wear.
I saw another with the same symbol
on the neck of the Iga general I killed.
So, this is the way of the Onna Bugeisha.
Fighting by treachery, without honor.
[Natsumaru] I was never an Onna Bugeisha.
I am Hattori Hanzo's besshikime.
A warrior in his personal guard.
Yasuke,
I acted only out of loyalty to my clan.
My true clan.
A spy and her mark.
That's all we've ever been to each other.
[Natsumaru shouts]
[both grunting]
[Yasuke grunts]
[gasps]
[groaning]
Not all.
[clamor of battle continues]
[flames crackling]
[ominous music plays]
[ethereal music plays]
-[music fades]
-[crickets chirping]
-[moans]
-[robot] What do we do with her now?
-[gasps]
-[Nikita] Bring her to the preacher.
Tell him price stays the same,
regardless of damages.
[shimmering sound]
Huh?
[shouts, grunts]
[grunts]
[scoffs]
Where is the preacher?
The Lord sends his signs
even through the lowest of heathens.
Ensure that the boatsman is dead,
then dispose of him.
He has been judged and condemned.
[footsteps receding]
Sorry, old man. You had some fight in you.
[loud crash]
At last! You've brought her to me.
She brought us.
-[whooshing]
-Huh?
[grunts]
[crackling]
-[grunts]
-[shimmering sound]
[loud crash]
[birds squawking]
[panting]
Impressive.
Imagine what you could do
with proper instruction.
Come back home with me.
That place will never be my home.
And I'm gonna use them to make sure
you can't hurt anyone else. Ever!
[grunts]
[gasps]
I wanted my children to be gifted.
[straining, sighs]
[grunts, gasping]
Doesn't every father?
-[electricity crackling]
-[screams]
[screaming]
[panting]
But I have you now.
And I will see you purged
of all the devil's influences.
[grunts softly]
-[electricity crackling]
-[screaming]
Saki!
Accept the light of the Lord inside you!
[straining]
[growling]
[screaming]
[straining]
-[screaming]
-[grunts]
[straining]
[loud crack]
[growling]
-[roars]
-[gasps]
[rumbling]
[Saki] No!
[groans]
[groaning softly]
[clinking]
[woman] How do we get paid now?
[man] Like this.
[mellow music playing]
And these two?
No concern of ours.
[Yasuke grunting softly]
Thanks for hesitating to kill me.
If I see you again--
Likewise.
So, a new power arises.
Like a brilliant gold flame.
["Between Memories"
by Flying Lotus playing]
[girl laughing]
♪ I want in, not waiting ♪
♪ We're out to leave now ♪
♪ Don't worry 'bout the weather
We're setting out together ♪
♪ I want in, not waiting ♪
♪ We're out to leave now ♪
♪ Don't worry 'bout the weather
We're setting out together ♪
[female vocalizing]
[indistinct chatter]
-[female vocalizing]
-♪ Come on ♪
[girl laughing]
♪ Come on ♪